I (30F) need to know if I'm being too harsh here because my family is completely divided.My younger sister (26F) moved in with my husband (32M) and me about four months ago after she lost her job.
We have a toddler and a baby, so it's been hectic, but we wanted to help her get back on her feet.
She was supposed to stay for two months max while job hunting.Here's where it gets messy.
Last week, I asked her to watch the kids for an hour while I ran to the pharmacy.
When I got back, she was on her phone while my toddler had gotten into the pantry and made a huge mess with flour everywhere.
I'll admit, I lost my temper and told her she needs to actually WATCH them when she agrees to babysit.She got defensive and said I was being ungrateful for "free childcare" (reminder: she lives here rent-free).
We argued, and I told her if she can't do the bare minimum to help out, she needs to start looking for her own place.Two days later, CPS showed up at my door.
The worker said they received a report that I was "overwhelmed and potentially neglecting my children.
I was MORTIFIED.
After they left (finding nothing wrong, obviously), my sister started laughing and said she called them to "teach me a lesson about being ungrateful" and that it was "just a prank.
I told her to pack her stuff and get out.
Now.She's been staying with our parents, who are FURIOUS with me.
They say she made a stupid mistake but she's family and I'm overreacting.
They keep saying she was just stressed about being unemployed and lashed out.
My mom even said I'm "ruining her life" over a joke gone wrong.My husband backs me 100% and says what she did was unforgivable.
But now half my extended family isn't speaking to me, and my mom calls daily crying about how I'm tearing the family apart.
My aunt even posted on Facebook about how "some people forget where they came from" (clearly about me).
The thing is, I keep second-guessing myself.
She IS my sister, and she's never done anything like this before.
But I can't get over the fact that she weaponized CPS against me.
That's not a joke.
That could have had serious consequences for my family.Am I the asshole for kicking her out and refusing to let her come back?
EDIT: Since people are asking.
Yes, the CPS worker confirmed someone called in a report.
No, I don't have proof it was my sister beyond her admission.
And yes, I realize now I should have recorded her confession but I was too shocked in the moment.